
# Projects

## Software
I have made some great strides in software development this week.

### ContactList
This week, I have finally started to work on ContactList again. The use of CouchDB over relational databases has made development significantly easier. CouchDB is planned to be used with [CAMS](../../projects/cams/) and possibly [SLAG](../../projects/slag/). 

### Flipper Zero
I have started to customize the [Flipper Zero Official Firmware](https://github.com/flipperdevices/flipperzero-firmware) for my own use.

### Pixel Fonts
I have been working on the Pixel fonts less this week as I noticed that it took up too much of my time.

I was able to successfully port Pixel-7x7 to the U8g2 format and used it on a Flipper Zero device, it is included in my custom firmware fork as the default font.

From Sunday, June 16, 2024 to Monday, June 17, 2024 (Week 25), I have came up with a script that converts BDF bitmap font to TTF files with the "pixels" converted into SVG squares. This leaves piskelc2svg.py obsolete for the development of fonts as now I can edit fonts as bitmap in FontForge to export as BDF to be converted to TTF, U8g2 or used as BDF. This would siginificantly speed up the development of Pixel fonts, especially for smaller, low resolution fonts.

## Hardware
Since June 7, 2024, I have planned to do some upgrades to a ThinkPad T430s laptop, mainly a display upgrade.

# Personal

## College
This week I have given a proposition to merge the Technology Club and STEM-H Club at Brightpoint Community College due to the small size of the school and similarities of the topics covered by both.

## IKEA and back
Part of this blog post was written from in an IKEA. However, only that last sentence was actually written there. I went there for the first time since likely 2019 after my father had some ideas. 
