**Date of last modification:** January 28, 2024

# Definitions

"CTCL" refers to the operator of this website, Brayden Regis.

# What is collected

## The Website
Information that is automatically collected on the server side when an user visits any webpage consists of:

- Time and date of the request
- IP address
- Referring URL
- What page was accessed
- Browser User Agent

The "main" version of the website uses client side scripts to attempt to collect the following:

- Device time zone
- Device's external IP address
- Device's local IP address
- Device display information: Resolution, color depth and ratio
- Device GPU information
- Device CPU core count (what is available to the browser)
- Device memory (RAM) size (what is available to the browser)
- Amount of touchscreen points available, if present
- Device platform (Kernel and CPU architecture)
- Browser window size
- Status of the Do Not Track header (the website does not try to track the user anyway so this is ignored)
- Browser languages
- Browser "product" (almost always "Gecko")
- Browser build number (almost always "20030107")
- Browser User Agent
- Browser connectivity status
- PDF viewer availability
- Browser vendor
- Hashed HTML canvas fingerprint

The client-side script that collects such data is called "clientinfo.js" and is loaded from the path "/static/clientinfo.js". This script is not loaded and is not present in the ["lite" compatibility version of the website](/lite/).

This information may be provided or generated by the web browser or the device and is not collected from any other means.

## Content Use
Examples of how CTCL content is used and shared publicly on other platforms may be recorded. This includes but is not limited to: screenshots including messages sent by CTCL, use of source code or designs in other projects,

Once again, this data is not shared with any third party and is instead used to help observe how and if my content is being used and is benefiting others.

## Photography
Photos taken by CTCL that contain personally identifying information or other persons are not shared or used publicy without consent of any party represented in the photo. However, such photos may be stored on CTCL systems indefinitely. However, if these photos are shared publicly, such personally identifying information is removed beforehand.

## Publicly accessible information
CTCL may retain publicly posted information from other platforms indefinitely, even if the original post was deleted or made unavailable to the public. This includes messages and social media posts.

## Game Servers and Other CTCL Hosted Services
Log data and user content from game servers and other public services hosted on CTCL hardware or on a CTCL-managed VPS may be collected and stored indefinitely. This includes IP addresses, usernames and the dates of login.

## CTCL managed chat services and communications
Messages in chat groups including Discord "servers" with CTCL-managed chat bots may be recorded and stored indefinitely. As stated before, if these chat services are hosted by CTCL, all data from these chat services may be recorded and stored indefinitely.

### Discord bots
Messages and other data in Discord "servers" with CTCL-managed bots such as [SLAG](../projects/slag/) may be recorded and stored indefinitely.

This includes but not limited to:

- Message data
    - Message contents
    - Attachements
    - Reactions
    - Type of message
    - Users mentioned
- Profile information
    - Online status
    - User status including game/application if provided
    - Roles
    - Join date
    - Account creation date
    - User flags (see Discord documentation: https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/user)
    - Username changes
    - Profile picture and profile picture changes

# How the information is used
Data listed above, under "Information that is collected", may be stored indefinitely on servers within the United States of America, currently the states of New Jersey and Virginia. This data is not shared with any third party.

Collecting such information is used for, including but not limited to:

- Improving user experience
- Providing technical support
- Understanding website traffic
- Analytics
- Identification
- Communications

# Third Party Websites
This website may mention other websites or contain links to other websites. CTCL cannot take responsibility for personal information collected on these third party websites, nor does CTCL monitor or accept responsibility for the accuracy or content of these other websites.
