## Projects

### The Website
I have been adding some features to the website such as the "Documentation" feature that basically adds the ability to have subpages in a content page such as a project entry. It was made for use with MediaCow Touch 2. More about this feature was covered in the blog post: [MediaCow Touch 2 - Part 4](../mct2_p4/).

One feature I started to add and somewhat works is the "file viewer" feature. It is intended to show a full-size version of images on a separate page instead of including full-size images on a page which I have noticed causes browsers to slow down when viewing the [MediaCow Touch 2 - Part 4](../mct2_p4/) blog post and loads 32.8MB of data which could be a lot for some users. If it is absolutely needed for whatever reason, I would finish implementing it.

For the Documentation page feature, I made the page links look like the page buttons seen on the Projects and Blog pages. This was done to show descriptions of each page along with the title. 

## Personal
This has been an interesting week despite the ever growing, crushing pressure for the completion of MediaCow Touch 2. 

### Television
I finally got around to watching the Adventure Time Distant Lands series which are the first post-2020 cartoon episodes I have seen (excluding anime, that would be the later seasons of Castlevania). 

To start out, I am very impressed with the quality of the four episodes. I have never seen such emotion ever delivered in any television episode or even any kind of media that I have seen in the episode *"Together Again"*, it was absolutely beautiful and the series has gained a lot more of my respect. After watching the episode, I actually felt the need to go outside and on a drive to think about what I have just seen.

On that drive, I saw a Tesla Cybertruck in person for the first time.