# Projects

## [CTCL Website (ctclsite)](../../projects/ctclsite/)
After the successful but rushed release of the second Rust backend rewrite of the website, I have been adding some general updates to the website.

### Updates
1.2.0 was mostly fixes and optimizations that were not caught during development due to the release being rushed. The "lite" version of the website was removed as it was not really needed because little features required JavaScript. 

1.3.0 added favicons which are generated when the website "package" is built. Unless overridden, these favicons are simply just a square with the color of the page's theme. 

As always, one can view the changelog at the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ctcl-bregis/ctclsite-rust/blob/main/RELEASES.md).

## [SLAG](../../projects/slag/)
I have started to work on SLAG again after finishing updates for the website. Because of my still limited knowledge of Rust, development has continued to be quite difficult but I am still trying to make some progress with the project.

## [NetKart](../../projects/netkart/)
One thing I did not cover on the last weekly update is the significant progress that was done with the NetKart automotive project. After months of research and brainstorming, the mount for the transmission and engine was been planned.

On Saturday, March 9, brackets for the transmission have been fabricated and welded. 

# Work
One Xactimate sketch was done this week for an apartment building in Newport News, Virginia.

