
## Projects
Starting this week, I would no longer split this section into categories like "Hardware", "Software" and "PC Hardware" and instead I would just list the projects.

### The Website
I have been making gradual changes to the look of the website as I add documentation about MediaCow Touch 2.

### MediaCow Touch 2
*See blog post: [MediaCow Touch 2 - Part 2](../mct2_p2/)*

## Personal
This week was a bit depressing.

### Leinfors
On July 18, 2024, I first heard of the [passing of Leinfors](https://forums.terraria.org/index.php?threads/the-passing-of-an-icon-leinfors.117840), an icon of the Terraria community, in February 2023.

In April 2023, he was the main basis for myself to move on from the "elf" theming using a <span style="color: #009900">green color scheme (#009900)</span> to theming based off Alucard from Castlevania. A notable part of it is my extensive use of the color <span style="color: #f0d000">gold (#F0D000)</span> where an example of it is seen on this webpage.

It is deeply saddening that this has happened to someone so kind and intelligent while so young. Jason was of great importance to myself though my interactions with him were very minimal; I only ever had one interaction with him which was on the Terraria Forums in August 2022 for his birthday. In presumably January 2023 to early February 2023, I have sent a friend request on Discord so I can be able to meet him online outside of the Terraria Forums, I remember he was still online at the time so it must have been during that time period. I did not have any response though I just thought he was busy outside of Discord as I never suspected something like this to happen. This brings emotions that were previously unknown to me. The rest of the week were spent with tears in my eyes.

How I could have not found out about this is likely due to multiple reasons. For one, I have not been playing Terraria that much within the last year and a half. My activity with the game peaked in November 2022 to January 2023 but I have started to play it less since then. On the wiki, the Terraria News section is usually covered up with the "Terraria Wiki" pop-up when I view the the wiki on my third monitor, a 17" Dell 1704FPV. Though, on Vivalidi, which I have started to use in place of Ungoogled Chromium starting in late-May, early-June 2024, the Terraria News section is partially visible. In most cases I go immediately for the search button to search for whatever I am trying to figure out in-game without paying attention to anything else on screen.

On July 19, 2024, the codename for the MediaCow Touch Mini SP7021, the first project in its series, was switched from "Curitibia" to "Floyds Knobs" which is the location of Re-Logic. Along with the codename change, development of MediaCow Touch Mini SP7021 shall be started following the completion of MediaCow Touch 2. As result, this would be another drive to finish MediaCow Touch 2. 