# Projects
I have turned to hardware this week after the success with the Flipper Zero Audio Module designed last week. 

## Software
As usual, I have added content and applied some fixes to the website. There has not been much progress in other software projects.

## Hardware 
This time I might actually commit to a MediaCow project and get it done.

### MediaCow Micro S
MediaCow Micro S (codename undecided) may be the first MediaCow Micro that I design. Currently, the plan is to use an STM32F767ZIT6.

The project has become much more complicated than I would have expected mostly due to the amount of processing power required to decode some audio formats.

### MicroMemory
To complicate the already overcomplicated MediaCow Micro S project, I have came up with a memory module "standard" for use with microcontrollers that support SDRAM with a 16-bit bus. 

The former name was "MediaCow Micro Memory Module" but was changed to MicroMemory as the format can be used for other projects.

The standard itself is a modified version of the [SparkFun MicroMod format](https://www.sparkfun.com/micromod) that is a custom M.2 E-key card. The difference between MicroMod and a standard M.2 E-key is that the retaining screw is moved four milimeters (4mm) to the right. Basically what I did was have the retaining screw four milimeters to the *left* while widening the module to 30mm.

## Flipper Zero
On April 28, 2024, I finally purchased a Flipper Zero device. The device would likely be used more as a development kit for modules described under [Flipper Zero Modules page](https://ctcl.lgbt/projects/fz/).

# Personal
This was an eventful week unlike the last few weeks. I admit that in the last couple weeks, I have been distracted by the game Mindustry which resulted in the low amount of activity.

April 27 and April 28 likely has been the couple of the worst days of my recent life while at the same time highly productive for unrelated reasons.



