I am a day early on this blog post as I want to get it out before I forget. I ended up writing this post entirely from ["Polycarbonate"](../../projects/pc_pc).

# Projects

## Servers

### "Lisdexamfetamine" HP BL460c G8
On January 27, 2024, I have started to prepare SVCS2 ["Lisdexamfetamine"](../../projects/svcs_amp/) for general purpose virtualization tasks. 

Formerly, in November 2023, I had the server dedicated to running multiple Minecraft server instances, in which it was greatly overpowered for such task given the realitively small amount of players (up to seven at a time). I backed up all of the Minecraft instances before installing Proxmox.

## Hardware Design
During this week, I have been working on a project idea that I came up with in July 2022. As of January 27, 2024, I have finished the block diagram and I am more than halfway through the circuit schematic design. I avoid announcing hardware design projects until they reach the stage where parts can be ordered and a prototype can be assembled and tested. So far, for now, this is a *Mystery Project*.

# Personal

## Computer Club
During this week, I became the president of the Computer Club at Brightpoint Community College. 

The club has been inactive for over a year and therefore has lost its recognition as a club. I plan to work with others to restore the status of the club.

# Work

## Atlantic Estimating
I finished a complex Xactimate sketch this week for my father. On January 27, 2024, I was informed of more work I could do, relating to Matterport.

