## Projects

### MediaCow Touch 2
*See blog post [MediaCow Touch 2 - Part 9](../mct2_p9/)*

### Flipper Zero Custom Firmware
On August 28, 2024, I updated my custom firmware fork to be a fork of the flipperzero-firmware repository in order to make the implementation of upstream changes easier. The changes are so far just cosmetic; set default UI font to Pixel-7x7, change buttons, remove some animations. Functional changes may be minimal other than adding apps.

### SLAG
I have started to work on SLAG again but I have not done much on it. Either SLAG or ContactList would be the first time I use CouchDB; whatever I work on first, so I am having to learn how to use CouchDB at the same time along with the Rust crate, couch_rs.

### Sunplus SP7021
On September 1, 2024, I finally made and released a KiCAD symbol for the SP7021 SiP.

The resources repository can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/ctcl-bregis/plus1-resources/).

## Personal
On August 26, 2024, the Fall 2024 semester finally started. I got to see some I have not seen in person yet along with many others I have known before. 

### College
As expected, schoolwork has easily shadowed development of MediaCow Touch 2 and other projects. I have started to work on SLAG again to prepare for activity in the college Technology Club though it is low priority (under MediaCow Touch 2 that is under schoolwork, of course).

I have been preparing the Brightpoint Technology Club over the weekend. From September 1 to September 2, 2024, I have created a new digital flyer for the club. It came out better than I envisioned it. 
